Best Practices for Ethereum developers on BOS (#1554)
near/docs: docs/bos/tutorial/bos-ethersjs.md

Utilize platforms like etherscan.com and blockscout.com, or delve into the project's GitHub repositories and documentation.

### Is there an example of applications with a description of how they were created? 

> Yes, there is an article that describes [best practices for creating applications for Ethereum developers on BOS](https://docs.near.org/bos/tutorial/ethers-js-best-practices), with a breakdown of individual steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, there is an article that describes [best practices for creating applications for Ethereum developers on BOS](ethers-js-best-practices.md), with a breakdown of individual steps.
```
